[UDA] Note that action signature is mandatory (#1304)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/user-defined-actions/create-and-register.md

# Create and register user-defined actions

Adding a user-defined action to your database is a 2-step process:

1.  [Define a function or procedure](#define-a-function-or-procedure)
1.  [Register your action with the job scheduler](#register-an-action)

## Define a function or procedure

To create an action, first write the commands you want your
[function][postgres-createfunction] or [procedure][postgres-createprocedure] to
execute. Then wrap your commands in a `CREATE OR REPLACE` statement. You can
also define the language of your commands in this statement. The example below
uses PLPGSQL.

The outer statement contains the action signature: `(job_id INT, config JSONB)`.
You must include this signature even if you don't need to use those arguments in

> your action. Include it literally. Don't replace with an actual job ID or config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your action. Include it literally, don't replace it with an actual job ID or config
```

> object. The config and job ID are defined and automatically generated later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object. The config and job ID are automatically defined and generated later.
```

??

> The following example defines a simple procedure that raises a notice. Replace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example defines a simple procedure that raises a notice. Replace
```

> the `RAISE NOTICE` with the commands you want to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `RAISE NOTICE` command with the commands you want to run.
```

<procedure>

## Defining a procedure

> 1.  Write the commands you want your job to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Write the commands you want your job to run. For example:
```

    ```sql
    BEGIN
        RAISE NOTICE 'Executing job % with config %', job_id, config;
    END
    ```

> 1.  Wrap the commands in a `CREATE OR REPLACE PROCEDURE` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Wrap the commands in a `CREATE OR REPLACE PROCEDURE` statement. For example:
```

<procedure>

## Registering an action

> 1.  Add a job for your user-defined action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Add a job for your user-defined action. For example:
```
